# React Short Assignment 4

React is an extremely cool JavaScript library that allowed me to recreate this YouTube-like website which you can check out at [here](http://cs52-rajivramaiah.surge.sh)! I imagine that I can use React similar to how I did for this project to easily update the state and show the user changes that occur in the View(V) component of the MVC design, with the Model and Controller not touched by React. Ultimately, I can use react to change the HTML I write and update it when data itself changes. While it is not a database, I can use it in hand to update the UI of a webpage when data changes by simply writing code to change the state of a component which will update my page UI automatically based off of what I write in the render function. Furthermore, the ability to pass functions to child components allows the Main App container to react and update UI based on changes in child components. I definitely see myself playing and using React in the final project or on my own side projects!!!

I added some style changes for extra credit as well to make the website more appealing. I also fixed the provided code in search_bar.js to cure a small bug with the help of the professor where the last character of the search query was being cut off. For example "messi" was being searched as "mess".

In terms of what I feel could be explained better, I think that the syntax of javascript closure and the syntax of how functions are being passed down to child components should be explained more thoroughly.
